# Join

##### Become part of the largest on-campus undergraduate CS community in the world!


#### Member Perks

<i class="material-icons">stars</i>

<hr>

##### Industry

The CSUA hosts many networking and recruiting events throughout the year with
large companies such as Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Salesforce, and more. Get
priority access to their job postings and speak directly with recruiters and
engineers at our events.

##### Professional/Academic Development

We host a large number of workshops to help you develop skills that recruiters
are looking for and present those skills in unique and professional resumes,
websites, and personal branding. We also tutor many different classes and are
dedicated in helping you succeed in your undergraduate career here at Berkeley.

##### Networking

Meet fellow researchers, professionals, hackers, and CS enthusiasts. Here, you
can find a co-founder for your new startup, join a hackathon team, or gather
project partners for a class. Our diverse student body will help you connect
with the people you want to meet.

##### Sign Up

<i class="material-icons">assignment</i>

To join the CSUA, come by any one of our events or drop by our office at 311
Soda Hall and ask for an officer. Once you have an account, you can opt-in to
our exclusive job postings, receive email notifications for events, use our
computers and server, and reserve time on our high-performance computing
cluster.

If you have questions about what CSUA membership can offer you, please contact
our Outreach chair at outreach@csua.berkeley.edu. If you are having issues with
your CSUA account, please contact our VP of Technology at vp@csua.berkeley.edu.

Become an Officer

<i class="material-icons">perm_identity</i>

Interested in becoming more involved? Officers are active members of the CSUA
who want to contribute more to the CS undergraduate community. Officers help
out with critical services, such as maintaining our server and computing
cluster, tutoring, running events, leading workshops, liaising with industry,
and more. They are also entrusted with privileges such as CSUA office access,
officer-only events, and priority access to internal services.

Come find us in 311 Soda Hall to learn more, or email the Politburo at
pb@csua.berkeley.edu.
