# Politburo

Po·lit·bu·ro (n):

The central leadership of the CSUA, consisting of seven elected officers who
are devoted to serving the undergraduate community.

![][pb]

Newly elected Politburo members in the Wozniak Lounge.

[pb]: img/pb.jpg

President

Megan Zhu

president@csua.berkeley.edu
The President leads meetings and represents the CSUA in its duties as the
undergraduate computer science students' representative body. The President
liaisons with the University, faculty, staff, and other student
organizations.

Please contact Megan for general questions or concerns about the CSUA.

Vice President of Technology

Robert Quitt

vp@csua.berkeley.edu
The VP of Technology administers and maintains the technical resources of the
CSUA, such as the computer equipment, servers, and list-serves. The VP is
also the head of our root staff and a liaison with all campus IT and
technical services. The VP solves or delegates the solving of any technical
issues.

If you have any questions about your account or the CSUA servers or software,
please contact Robert.

Vice President of Industry Relations

Anna Brewer

indrel@csua.berkeley.edu
The VP of Industry Relations is the CSUA liaison with companies and alumni.
The VP attains sponsors for external events and generates industry interest
in the CSUA. The VP also coordinates speakers for events, manages info
sessions and the job list-serve, and assists the President.

Please contact Anna for any questions regarding events, info sessions,
speaking events, or sponsorships. Thank you for your support and interest in
the CSUA.

Secretary/Treasurer

Ray Pan

treasurer@csua.berkeley.edu
The Secretary/Treasurer takes minutes at meetings, maintains the CSUA's
monetary and physical resources (office, study lounge, library, etc.), and
keeps all financial and non- financial records. The Secretary/Treasurer is
also the liaison with any University funding programs or facility maintenance
and the primary signatory power with the ASUC.

Please contact Ray for questions about the CSUA's budget, resources, or
records.

External Events Coordinator

Daniel Wu

externalevents@csua.berkeley.edu
The External Events Coordinator plans all external CSUA events. An external
event is defined as an event sponsored by a company. The External Events
Coordinator works closely with the VP of Industrial Relations and the
Internal Events Coordinator.

Please contact Daniel for any questions regarding upcoming external events or
with offers for potential future events.

Internal Events Coordinator

Arthur Kazantsev

internalevents@csua.berkeley.edu
The Internal Events Coordinator plans all internal CSUA events. An internal
event is defined as an event that does not have a company sponsor. This
includes general meetings, intersocial events, and alumni events. The
Internal Events Coordinator works closely with the External Events
Coordinator.

Please direct internal events questions to Arthur.

Outreach

Jessica Kuo

outreach@csua.berkeley.edu
The Outreach chair maintains or delegates the maintenance of the website and
various social media accounts. The Outreach chair also publicizes all CSUA
events to the student body, promotes interaction between current students and
alumni, and welcomes new members.

If you are a student interested in joining the CSUA, feel free to reach out
to Jessica.

Copyright © 2017 CSUA. All rights reserved. Maintained by CSUA Root Staff.
Designed by Eric Hou.
